# PHAS0077 Research Project
Student: Wei Liao

This repository contains the code accompanying the project paper “A Flexible Python Framework for Full-Wave Inversion in Ultrasound Tomography”.

# Content
- **UFWI:**
  The main software package implementing the framework.
- **test:**
  Contains test cases for forward modeling, adjoint simulations, and gradient evaluation.
- **breast_simulation.py:**
  Example script for simulating breast phantom data. Uses a breast sound-speed model located in UFWI/Phantom/.
- **breast_time_domain.py:**
  Example script demonstrating time-domain inversion using the simulated data generated by breast_simulation.py.
- **circle_model_td.py:**
  Example script that generates a two-circle sound speed model, performs simulation, and runs time-domain inversion for a quick run test.
- **breast_frequency.py:**
  Example script demonstrating frequency-domain inversion.
  Uses breast phantom data simulated with k-Wave from the code repository of Ali et al.
  The dataset is included in the Releases section of this repository.
  For the time-domain example, the corresponding sound-speed field was resampled from this dataset.


# Environment Setup
To run the code locally, follow the steps below.
1) Get the code: download or clone this repository.
2) (Recommended) Create a clean Python environment
3) Install k-Wave-python:
   macOS requires system libraries first：
   ```brew install fftw hdf5 zlib libomp```
   Then install the Python package:
   ```pip install k-Wave-python```
4) Install project dependencies:
   ```pip install -r requirements.txt```， or manually install the missing dependencies by ```pip install```
   

